## [7.2.h] (2025-10-14)
### bug fixes
* HideNaN was not working on non polygon layers
* table All doesnt show all.[#596](https://github.com/systragroup/quetzal-network-editor/issues/596)

## [7.2.g] (2025-09-22)
### bug fixes
* Calc speed option bug: was rouding to 0 instead of 6 like everywhere else.

## [7.2.f] (2025-09-11)
### changes
* add thundertrack song. encrypt it on github

## [7.2.e] (2025-09-04)
### Features
* add elevation (terrain) on result map if map layer is not light or dark.

## [7.2.d] (2025-09-04)
### Features
* Raster Layer: can add GeoTiff to map

### Refactoring
* internaly: visibleRaster rename visibleLayers (every rasters now layer)
* add TS for displaySettings (styles)
* rework legend css a little and TS
* fix css order/position of buttons on the top right of the map. (settings, layers, etc)

### Bug Fixes
* do not show NaN NaN on Legend
* Run parameters. negative number were weird to input. fixed.
* Run parameters. Use of primary color was making it hard to read in light mode. removed.

## [7.2.c] (2025-08-19)
### Changes
* Vuetify updated to 3.9. 

### Features
* add TreeView for inputs and outputs. Can now download a single output [#590](https://github.com/systragroup/quetzal-network-editor/issues/589)

## [7.2.b] (2025-08-05)
### Refactoring
* quick refactoring of EditorLinks.vue to TS. all of those would need more work

### Changes
* Mapbox 3.14.0 (should improve memory)

### Features
* append styles (styles.json) generated by Transit microservice

## [7.2.a] (2025-07-23)
### Features
* Add the choice to compute Time or Speed when editing Links and rlinks.[#589](https://github.com/systragroup/quetzal-network-editor/issues/589)
    * radio button in the setting (on the edition map)
    * if time selected: compute time with speed and length
    * if speed is selected: compute speed with time and length.

### Changes
* DarkMode in localStorage.
* Language in localStorage
